vMAC guides update - Scale/HGR availability (#7859)
ovh/docs: pages/bare_metal_cloud/dedicated_servers/proxmox-network-HG-Scale/guide.en-gb.md

> Older Advance generation servers do not rely on the same network infrastructure.
>

> [!warning]
>
> As of May 2025, virtual MACs can be used on High Grade & Scale ranges.
>

> > If you want to use virtual MACs to configure the network on Proxmox VE on High Grade and Scale servers, you can refer to [this guide](/pages/bare_metal_cloud/dedicated_servers/network_bridging).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> If you want to use virtual MACs to configure the network on Proxmox VE on High Grade and Scale servers, you can refer to [the network bridging guide](/pages/bare_metal_cloud/dedicated_servers/network_bridging).
```
À ajuster si on renomme la page, voir mon commentaire à ce sujet.

> > If you want to use virtual MACs to configure the network on Proxmox VE on High Grade and Scale servers, you can refer to [the network bridging guide](/pages/bare_metal_cloud/dedicated_servers/network_bridging).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> If you want to use virtual MACs to configure the network on Proxmox VE on High Grade and Scale servers, you can refer to [Configuring Additional IP in bridge mode on your virtual machines](/pages/bare_metal_cloud/dedicated_servers/network_bridging).
```
